Look into fax-to-pdf

Add bath/groom tracking using Status field

Add dog of the month tracking using DogOfMonth field

Figure out text/email reminders with scheduling

Don't allow users to schedule if Missed field is 1, tell them to call.

Add dropdowns for breed and auto-set BathTime and GroomTime based on breed

Validate all forms with Jquery

Make "Owned By" link in search go to client page

Add preferred groomer to scheduling page

Add delete option to all edit pages

Scheduling format:

	1. Welcome, would you like to Schedule or view status?
	2. Which pet are you scheduling (list pets)?
	3. What services would you like (copy of pricing page - has to be before date/time because services take different times)
	4. What date would you like to schedule (Show calendar with available days in green) [for employess show busy days in yellow]
	5. What time would you like to schedule (Either one dropdown with ranges, or two dropdowns - one drop-off time and one pickup time)?
	6. Summary and confirm (Also make recurring - "every ___ week(s) for ____ weeks/months/permanently")
	7. Recurring conflict resolution - If recurring has two or fewer conflicts, list the dates and allow selection of different times. If more, call

Add "Scheduling" section to search page and view pet page (to show when it's scheduled)

Allow manually adding/deleting/editing scheduled times by employees

Add "Previous Visits" page with links on the view pet page

Allow editing services

Allow resetting the "missed" field on client pages

Add calendar page that shows current schedule

Add new client link to top of view client page (Do I need this? It's in the menu)

Add new service link to top of services page (Do I need this? It's in the menu)

Add breed page to add/remove breeds and set prices?

Add ability to set a groomer as off using scheduleing table

Add breed or group table

Automatically remove events X years old

Check if a dog requires two people - if so, make sure two people's time slots are open for scheduling

Convert available times to local time from GMT (Databse stored in GMT, displayed local). Also deal with daylight savings...

Add seniority of groomers and if multiple groomers are available, pick most senior when scheduling. (Also add ability to edit this).

Give error if setup hasn't been run yet